{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green25\blue27;\red255\green255\blue255;\red46\green49\blue51;
\red77\green80\blue85;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c14118;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c23529\c25098\c26275;
\cssrgb\c37255\c38824\c40784;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15640\viewh17260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Can you predict the level of problematic internet usage exhibited by children and adolescents, based on their physical activity? The goal of this competition is to develop a predictive model that analyzes children's physical activity and fitness data to identify early signs of problematic internet use. Identifying these patterns can help trigger interventions to encourage healthier digital habits.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf5 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Description
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 In today\'92s digital age, problematic internet use among children and adolescents is a growing concern. Better understanding this issue is crucial for addressing mental health problems such as depression and anxiety.\cb1 \
\cb3 Current methods for measuring problematic internet use in children and adolescents are often complex and require professional assessments. This creates access, cultural, and linguistic barriers for many families. Due to these limitations, problematic internet use is often not measured directly, but is instead associated with issues such as depression and anxiety in youth.\cb1 \
\cb3 Conversely, physical & fitness measures are extremely accessible and widely available with minimal intervention or clinical expertise. Changes in physical habits, such as poorer posture, irregular diet, and reduced physical activity, are common in excessive technology users. We propose using these easily obtainable physical fitness indicators as proxies for identifying problematic internet use, especially in contexts lacking clinical expertise or suitable assessment tools.\cb1 \
\cb3 This competition challenges you to develop a predictive model capable of analyzing children's physical activity data to detect early indicators of problematic internet and technology use. This will enable prompt interventions aimed at promoting healthier digital habits.\cb1 \
\cb3 Your work will contribute to a healthier, happier future where children are better equipped to navigate the digital landscape responsibly.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Acknowledgments\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 The data used for this competition was provided by the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://healthybrainnetwork.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \strokec2 Healthy Brain Network}}, a landmark mental health study based in New York City that will help children around the world. In the Healthy Brain Network, families, community leaders, and supporters are partnering with the Child Mind Institute to unlock the secrets of the developing brain. In addition to the generous support provided by the Kaggle team, financial support has been provided by the California Department of Health Care Services (DHCS) as part of the Children and Youth Behavioral Health Initiative (CYBHI).\cb1 \
}